Additional Thoughts:

1. Optionally, if you have some allotted time left and really want to get these animals adopted, consider the adoption side of operations. How would you manage adoption eligibility, fees, and supply an adoption record of a pet? What else would you need to know?

I would handle eligibility as a Boolean flag that is set into the animal class, defaulting to yes with the option to make a pet ineligible for adoption. Fees could be handled by a function within the main app that uses the zip code of the animal. Perhaps different areas have different taxes/fees governed by the zip code they are in. 
Adoption records would be generated by a function that would require another class called “Adopter” or “Customer” or something along those lines. This class would contain information such as first name, last name, zip code, phone number, etc. The adoption record would be a separate object that contains the printout on the animal, the adoption customer, and the fees/taxes. 


Testing Methodology 

The main section of unit testing that I would do is create a testing class that throws different sets of user input into the menu and then into the menu options. Example could be something like:

User input: 
	1
	Foo, foo, bar, bar, foo
  
And if this throws an error then it is working as intended, but if it allows an entry to be created than it is not. 
Throwing non-integer inputs into the menu, such as strings and special characters to make sure that it doesn’t take improper input. 
Running entry into the “database” of stored animals and verifying that the filters display expected output is another important step in testing the integration of the application. If the user doesn’t get what is expected from a search, what value does the search engine have? 
